It's not about money. It's about love.
>> Then go love a free woman. You are not
applying for unpaid labor here.
>> I want a woman who builds with me.
>> Translation: He wants you to struggle
with him so he can feel like a man for
free.
>> I don't believe in paying for
everything.
>> Cool. I don't believe in dating men who
are proud of doing less.
>> I want something equal. If that means
you're giving birth to our child and and
endure half of my periods, sure, let's
go equal.
>> My money is my money and your money is
your money.
>> That's roommate energy, not husband
energy.
>> I don't want a gold digger.
>> And I don't want a man who thinks
providing is a personality flaw.
>> I'm not like other guys. I don't buy
love.
>> No, honey. You just avoid investing and
call it morals. The truth is you're not
only financially broke, you're also
morally broke.
>> You're high maintenance.
>> Correct. That's why we are not
compatible.
>> I want a simple girl.
>> Translation: cheap dates, no
expectations, full access.
>> If you really liked me, you wouldn't
care who pays.
>> If you really liked me, you would want
to impress me.
>> I'm testing to see if you're real.
>> Honey, I'm not real. Okay? I'm a Barbie
and you're not testing. You're trying to
negotiate my standards down.
>> A real woman doesn't care about material
things.
>> A real man doesn't panic over dinner.
>> Let's do coffee first to see the vibe.
Let me see your wallet first to see your
credibility.